I wonder why Lin Wenli asked me here?
Doesn't look like anyone
Lin Wenli Lin Wenli
What are you doing? Come out
Where do you want to go back?
Little beauty, come with us, who are you?
Get out of here
Or I'll call the police.
Call the police hahaha
So many of us are still afraid of you
Kill me all
No idea.
Here we are again.
Liu Hongtao, how dare you kidnap us?
Are you crazy?
Liu Hongtao, you will go to jail for doing this
Stop talking nonsense with me
I, Mr. Liu, ask you to do whatever you want
And save your lives
Or you will all die
Liu Hongtao, what are you doing?
Good question, actually.
Nothing.
As long as the two of you are in this octagonal dragon
Fight to the death
The loser!
I collected his body
The winner goes.